hey guys welcome back to more sonic
generations pc mods so obviously as you
could probably already tell we have the
tropical resort all-in-one mod which i
believe was made by brian new sonic and
with it goes with a sonic colours sonic
obviously just for obvious reasons it's
it's a sonic colors mod whoops just kind
of kill myself well okay now we're at
the spawn but there's a few things I
want to say before I actually start this
the first one being that I'm not going
to be going through the entire thing in
this episode I'm gonna split this up
into two episodes since there's
obviously six acts since it's everything
from sonic colors so I'll be going
through X 1 2 & 3 oh I'm also playing
with the blue trail see that thing from
sonic Jenner or ill um sonic unleashed
that was for some reason and removed I
don't know why Sega's really stupid for
removing it like look at it it's it's in
Sonic Generations but it just it it
doesn't look this good they're so stupid
i don't know why they remove that and
then we have the sonic colours sonic to
go with it just because that's pretty
much all i need to say about that but
now it's on to the better news today i
went to bestbuy and i picked up my brand
new graphics card which i'm still at a
60 right now and i've been rare and i'm
recording with fraps so i can see a
difference already which is a good thing
I'm oh okay there's a drop there but I
knew it wasn't gonna fix it a hundred
percent because props is so hard drive
intensive and that's why it lags for
like everybody but you know it's better
I'm not dipping as nearly as much and
it's just better if if you're looking to
buy a computer honestly get do not get
an AMD graphics card or an AMD processor
the best combination you can honestly
get is an nvidia graphics card and an
Intel processor that's what I'm rocking
right now I have an i7 4770k i believe
and then i have my nvidia geforce GT
I think it's the 960 or the 970 all I
know is it's this version that they only
had it that's why it's the fort irwin
edition it's just a little bit faster
than the previous one so it's not like a
major difference I mean it's still
faster that's what it says it's supposed
to do but I don't know how much it
actually is so anyway let's go find act
to what the hell is it I think it's over
here attacked 3x you must be right here
whoops this act too ding dong ok uh-oh
this is what I think Sonic Generations
should have had but it was rushed very
badly like a fully explorable 3d hub
like this that's styled for the level
that you're in like imagine it's doing
something like this but like for green
hill zone or something it could have
been to d4 Classic Sonic and like this
for modern but you know I mean I guess
that's a good idea so I don't know why
they do that only make the game that
much better but whatever I'm not here to
complain i'm here to talk oh i miss that
shortcut I'm here to play this quick ass
level I believe this is actually the
chocolate sort level that's beatable in
less than a minute I'm not entirely sure
i don't remember colors a hundred
percent and i'm glad i don't because i'm
not gonna lie i'm not the biggest fan of
Sonic Colors I'm sorry if those of you
think if there's people watching this
that some reason think colors have
considered the best 3d sonic game first
of all that's not true second of all
it's literally like ninety percent 2d
like come on now although for when it is
in 3d the very few times of that it ever
is ill I have to admit it was pretty fun
it wasn't it's not that bad but look at
this I'm about to beat this in less than
a minute like that's seriously like
that's pathetic look I'm early really
are you serious this is one of the
biggest problems I have with Sonic
Colors like I guess I can look past the
plot I don't I'm a big fan on plots and
video games I don't feel like what the
hell do you guys see that we would I
broke it
act 3 is over there and I'm just
clicking up oh my god uh okay well
anyway um the I'm a big plot person with
video games and Sonic I know people are
like the big ol Bo gum fast that's not
true at all he's not all about going
fast he goes fast yeah but is that all
he does no he's usually gone on these
great adventures with some good stories
and obviously those have lacked recently
but I don't think a game it needs a
great story to be good it's just
something extra that's like really
rewarding because it shows you that they
really thought about it and took time
with the game and that's just me so if
if a game is super super fun then I can
look past like the plot let's see that's
the problem it's that games wall that
was really freaking fast he's just the
games haven't been super super fun to
the point where I'm like okay the plot
sucks but I really enjoyed it like I
like generations sort of there's like I
like seaside Hill the most easily but
everything else is just like it's
whatever i still i truly don't
understand why they made modern sonic
have to these sections one classic sonic
is in the game like I don't know that
just doesn't seem to make sense to me
and just seems like a stupid choice but
whatever i'm trying not to complain guys
I'm really AM I'm just trying to share
my thoughts about what I think could
have been better and a little extra a
little something that they could have
just done more of it I don't know I know
there are gonna be people who are gonna
disagree and that's perfectly fine we
all have our own opinion but I'm just
expressing my own which is a very
dangerous thing to do seeing how this is
a sonic video and we all know how Sonic
fans are they
if they dislike your ideas or opinions
or thoughts or life then they will hunt
you down and try to murder you that's
just how it works there we go one minute
48 seconds another s-rank that should be
three in a row I think not sure though
okay so there we go that was the first
three acts of the tropical resort all in
a one-level mod I will probably be
uploading um the next three in the next
mod showcase that I do and I'm sorry i
haven't uploaded for the past like week
i'm pretty sure it's been about a week
now i know a lot of people say this when
they don't upload for a while it's like
Oh schools been really tough lately and
they just say that but Riley they've
just been lazy without loading it's the
end of the year and I'm trying to get my
grades up as high as possible so school
is actually the reason why I've been
slacking but once summer comes along my
last day of school is June eleventh
that's slowly rolling its head away
towards us summer I feel like it's gonna
be a great month for me or Wow a great
time for me on youtube I've been growing
at a decent pace lately and I appreciate
every single one of you I'm really
hoping to hit 5000 subscribers sometime
in the summer and I'm trying to think of
ideas for a 5k sub special if you have
any ideas for me and what you want to
see definitely leave them below if
you're new to the channel subscribe I do
some generations mods pretty frequently
if you have any suggestions for mods
you'd like me to do definitely leave
them in the comments as well as I do
read every single one and I will do all
of your suggestions so thank you guys
for watching and I'll see you in the
next episode